<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"><dita><topic id="topic_81ab0fa4-b481-489e-95d6-3bfa5a7b15c4"><title id="Title">Experience with processes for documentation and information</title><prolog id="id-b633c5cf-98b7-4588-dfe2-6ff68efc060b"><author id="id-73613419-4047-4bf0-cf86-739e9a5db847">constant.gordon@gmail.com</author><critdates id="id-45ae30eb-3373-4e9e-d17b-cdb895f234b4"><created date="2017-04-24" id="id-028ba82a-e2e6-4e96-b88e-495505f7c4b9" /><revised modified="2017-04-24" id="id-af03a5a3-5765-4c63-86dc-9c69cfb105e1" /></critdates><permissions view="" id="id-f4149e49-0371-4473-8eb2-e9f608c055c4" /><metadata id="id-6eeba16a-11e3-443a-b7cc-f5efb253c466"><category id="id-b5e91779-9667-47f3-eb38-d93cfefe1a5e">Information Object</category></metadata></prolog><body id="id-7106f44d-2301-4de3-8b95-f725254a207a">
            <p id="id-203927af-0ea0-4951-984c-b0514bcb63bd">The last 17 years Constant has been
                active changing NXP technical authoring from a central team to a distributed team
                with central guidance, the technology and the working processes and procedures.</p>
            <ul id="ul_ptm_dg3_rz">
                <li id="id-00ec3ce2-e970-4987-d9b8-27dce94522ec">
                    <p id="id-4bae7df7-1672-4a41-e781-40744bccdf6a">From a central team of authors
                        and illustrators we moved to decentral authors and illustrators with central
                        support. The guidelines were adapted from an author and illustrator handbook
                        (and informal group knowledge) to a support website with all the rules and
                        guidelines, hints and tips with the user in mind.</p>
                </li>
                <li id="id-82475dfb-b630-4336-ebff-6fbd87a5fb45">
                    <p id="id-9def37db-2a4c-4142-9166-205eea8a3119">The document management systems
                        were changed from homegrown to open source document management systems with
                        a perspective to continued growth of the databases.</p>
                </li>
                <li id="id-914a467f-ba47-4100-9e1f-572d0427bb4b">
                    <p id="id-394bd594-a8a3-43c4-92b8-f309b3387f53">The applied methodologies have
                        been adapted from documentation as last part of product development to
                        parallel development of documentation with the product to enhance time to
                        market.</p>
                </li>
                <li id="id-ea6a6fb3-ee69-4029-943e-6280652ec330">
                    <p id="id-ebb2fa2b-9639-4e8d-c6ba-336a4c41f016">The technologies used have
                        changed from document building in a homegrown XML into a topic based
                        approach using standard XML and well as generating documentation from
                        parametric based information storage in another open source format.</p>
                </li>
                <li id="id-6623ae6d-e280-42e3-eaca-95a98fd8cb1f">
                    <p id="id-2529bd6e-49d8-4914-fe93-671007ab0eec">Content marketing has always
                        been very important but has been simplified strongly by creating single
                        source information that can be converted to documentation as well as web
                        based information.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p id="id-8acf52ac-7b55-49f0-d4cb-66bd0b454011">All these changes resulted in a highly
                standardized information while the contributors were flexible to optimize the
                procedures to their local conditions.</p></body></topic></dita>