<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"><dita><topic id="topic_81ab0fa4-b481-489e-95d6-3bfa5a7b15c4"><title id="Title">Constant Gordon</title><prolog id="id-b633c5cf-98b7-4588-dfe2-6ff68efc060b"><author id="id-73613419-4047-4bf0-cf86-739e9a5db847">constant.gordon@gmail.com</author><critdates id="id-45ae30eb-3373-4e9e-d17b-cdb895f234b4"><created date="2017-04-24" id="id-028ba82a-e2e6-4e96-b88e-495505f7c4b9" /><revised modified="2017-04-24" id="id-af03a5a3-5765-4c63-86dc-9c69cfb105e1" /></critdates><permissions view="" id="id-f4149e49-0371-4473-8eb2-e9f608c055c4" /><metadata id="id-6eeba16a-11e3-443a-b7cc-f5efb253c466"><category id="id-b5e91779-9667-47f3-eb38-d93cfefe1a5e">Information Object</category></metadata></prolog><body id="id-7106f44d-2301-4de3-8b95-f725254a207a">
            <section id="id-83ab1051-40de-49e7-e9a8-bb5c34e046a5">
                <title id="id-e27b7eda-6544-4c2e-a9bf-700e32f8f6ba">Processes for documentation and
                    information</title>
                <p id="id-203927af-0ea0-4951-984c-b0514bcb63bd">The last 17 years Constant has been
                    active changing NXP technical authoring from a central team to distributed team
                    with central guidance, the technology and the ways of working.</p>
                <ul id="ul_ptm_dg3_rz">
                    <li id="id-00ec3ce2-e970-4987-d9b8-27dce94522ec">
                        <p id="id-4bae7df7-1672-4a41-e781-40744bccdf6a">From a central team of
                            authors and illustrators we moved to decentral authors and illustrators
                            with central support. The guidelines were adapted from an author and
                            illustrator handbook (and informal group knowledge) to a support website
                            with all the rules and guidelines, hints and tips with the user in
                            mind.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li id="id-82475dfb-b630-4336-ebff-6fbd87a5fb45">
                        <p id="id-9def37db-2a4c-4142-9166-205eea8a3119">The document management
                            systems were changed from homegrown to open source document management
                            systems with a perspective to continued growth of the databases.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li id="id-914a467f-ba47-4100-9e1f-572d0427bb4b">
                        <p id="id-394bd594-a8a3-43c4-92b8-f309b3387f53">The applied methodologies
                            have been adapted from documentation as last part of product development
                            to parallel development of documentation with the product to enhance
                            time to market.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li id="id-ea6a6fb3-ee69-4029-943e-6280652ec330">
                        <p id="id-ebb2fa2b-9639-4e8d-c6ba-336a4c41f016">The technologies used have
                            changed from document building in a homegrown XML into a topic based
                            approach using standard XML and well as generating documentation from
                            parametric based information storage in another open source format.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li id="id-6623ae6d-e280-42e3-eaca-95a98fd8cb1f">
                        <p id="id-2529bd6e-49d8-4914-fe93-671007ab0eec">Content marketing has always
                            been very important but has strongly been simplified by creating single
                            source information that can be converted to documentation as well as web
                            based information.</p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <p id="id-8acf52ac-7b55-49f0-d4cb-66bd0b454011">All these changes resulted in a
                    highly standardized information whilst the contributors were flexible to
                    optimize for their local conditions.</p>
            </section><section id="id-4adfc808-84e5-4dfd-d42d-c83ac4d5a5ad"><title id="id-7dbd6c01-12e7-4b88-b3c1-f29bea9ed2a0">Getting ready</title><p id="id-6dc63880-09c6-495d-d7dc-904edd4103b0">Constant started with a broad interest in technology as a masters student physics at the Technical University Eindhoven. His first job was as a marketing reseacher for integrated circuits (ICs), applying the logical thinking in making macro economic models for the IC markets, the IC inventory in the market and the IC production capacity worldwide.</p><p id="id-1fd62d7e-aa38-40ba-bfce-9db0aa7c2b1c">Industrial engineering became his second job where much was learned about logisitics, cost price calculation and development project planning.</p><p id="id-c84964f2-c428-4bbd-b2e9-b206b17b50ea">The understanding of market movement combined with detailed knowledge of production processes lead to his next job as sales support manager, becoming responsible for technology guidance to customers as well as the specification for products to be built. It is in this job that Constant started learning about managing product designers and the path for people to change their ways of working from technology driven development to customer requirement driven development and optimizing the technologies already in use.</p><p id="id-1d2cc32e-1eea-42a0-9c69-0086c8afc635">From being responsible for specifications with the help of technical authors and illustrators, Constant later became responsible for setting up a new way of working for NXP semiconductors.</p></section></body></topic></dita>