<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd"><topic id="id-ee4d09ab-9b9f-4092-f659-6298744702cc">
        <title/><body id="id-d3d04b3c-3ed6-4502-bd69-2726fe730dd0">
                <section>
                        <title id="id-fe6a22b4-5078-4822-df3f-579dfa800339">General </title>
                        <p>These general terms and conditions form part of all agreements entered
                                into with ConstantsTechDocSupport, registered in The Netherlands at
                                Donderhei 24, 5685 GC  Best and client(s). </p>
                        <p>Definitions <dl>
                                        <dlentry>
                                                <dt>Client: </dt>
                                                <dd>Natural or legal person with whom
                                                  ConstantsTechDocSupport has entered into
                                                  agreement(s)- including interim adjustment of the
                                                  assignment and/or additional work - related to the
                                                  provision of services. </dd>
                                        </dlentry>
                                        <dlentry>
                                                <dt>Contractor</dt>
                                                <dd>ConstantsTechDocSupport</dd>
                                        </dlentry>
                                        <dlentry>
                                                <dt>Assignment</dt>
                                                <dd>Best efforts obligation with regard to the
                                                  provisions of services and related work
                                                  activities. </dd>
                                        </dlentry>
                                        <dlentry>
                                                <dt>Work activities</dt>
                                                <dd>All activities for the client that support the
                                                  delivery of the services as agreed in the
                                                  assignment</dd>
                                        </dlentry>
                                </dl></p>
                </section><section id="id-a62500f6-5f3a-4558-cb84-05dbca6a2551"><title id="id-6097c0f0-9d76-40a4-ab9c-60751de53780">Article 1: Applicability</title><ol id="id-f941c577-a605-4188-ab6e-fe4c74ce5894"><li id="id-9efa1e76-437b-4572-b430-b3ef9c841f11">
                                        <p id="id-3754e429-2125-4e4c-c5f6-a4f7eb9c8791">These
                                                general terms and conditions apply to each offer,
                                                tender and assignments (therefore also to any
                                                additional assignments and subsequent assignments)
                                                which the client gives to ConstantsTechDocSupport.
                                        </p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>A legally valid deviation from these general terms and
                                                conditions can only be made if and as far as this
                                                has been explicitly agreed in advance between client
                                                and ConstantsTechDocSupport. The client cannot
                                                derive any rights from these agreed deviations with
                                                respect to future agreements.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>General terms and conditions of client and/or thirds will
                                                only apply if and as far as ConstantsTechDocSupport
                                                has accepted the applicability thereof expressly and
                                                in writing.</p>
                                </li></ol></section><section id="id-97b5cc8e-d796-459f-dab7-ca152cbc2663"><title id="id-de7284bd-51f4-49fe-95b8-8720a5f8cf60">Article 2: Offers and assignments</title><ol id="id-37716a18-ee30-4819-92b6-91bc1caef05e"><li id="id-dcf114af-c525-4467-a669-ea4669841514">
                                        <p id="id-b36bf9d6-15d3-4ed7-d01e-0e67534e1514">Offers
                                                issued by ConstantsTechDocSupport are based on the
                                                data provided by client. All offers are non-binding
                                                and without obligations, unless expressly stated
                                                otherwise.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>If and as far as required for a proper performance of the
                                                agreement, ConstantsTechDocSupport is entitled to
                                                let specific work activities be performed by thirds.
                                        </p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>ConstantsTechDocSupport retains the right to refuse or
                                                limit the performance of service without stating
                                                reasons.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>An assignment given to ConstantsTechDocSupport by the
                                                client binds ConstantsTechDocSupport only if it has
                                                been confirmed in writing by ConstantsTechDocSupport
                                                or persons authorized thereto in writing.
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport's confirmation of assignment
                                                is, subject to immediate notice to the contrary from
                                                client, deemed a correct representation of the
                                                agreement, or as the case may be as soon as
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport has started with the
                                                performance of the assignment. </p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>ConstantsTechDocSupport's assignment confirmation is
                                                based on the data provided by the client and
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport can proceed on its
                                                correctness. Client undertakes to provide
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport timely with all data and
                                                documentation in the desired form which
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport deerns necessary for the
                                                proper performance of the given assignment.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>ConstantsTechDocSupport will exert itself to observe the
                                                delivery time/performance term as far as possible,
                                                however exceeding the delivery time/performance term
                                                does not give a right to compensation, suspension,
                                                or dissalution of the agreement. </p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>The assignment is performed only for the client's benefit
                                                Thirds cannot derive any rights from the content of
                                                the performed work activities. Client safeguards
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport against all claims of thirds
                                                which follow from the work activities which
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport has performed for the
                                                client, with reference to artiele 6ofthese general
                                                terms and conditions.  </p>
                                </li></ol></section><section id="id-a16c09e3-da28-432e-dc21-53ffc6eda6e8"><title id="id-4cc49081-88a6-4f61-a60b-55e11df130ef">Article 3: Intellectual property</title><ol id="id-42122033-76bf-4754-f62e-1c8572d6caff"><li id="id-1a239be8-eba2-42cf-afaa-52ee1ba143f8">
                                        <p id="id-dee97ff1-8037-47ca-e874-81521c7e37b8"
                                                >ConstantsTechDocSupport retains the rights and
                                                authorities it is entitled to based on copyright law
                                                and other intellectual property rights and
                                                regulations.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>Drawings, technica! descriptions, designs and
                                                calculations, which are made by
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport in the offer as well as in
                                                the frame of the agreement for services, remain,
                                                also after the formation of the agreement, the
                                                property of ConstantsTechDocSupport. The
                                                intellectual property, including copyrights,
                                                trademark rights etc., all accrue to
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>ConstantsTechDocSupport has the right to use the
                                                knowledge it has acquired due to the performance of
                                                an agreement also for other purposes, as far as this
                                                does not involve transfer of strictly confidential
                                                information of client to thirds.</p>
                                </li></ol></section><section id="id-0f7ec21b-e679-456d-b567-2e61e2f0b145"><title id="id-5aeed76f-4260-4a47-f7d0-f3c70be24b29">Article 4: Confidentiality and
                                exclusivity</title><ol id="id-04018f65-b4c2-4b75-d552-f34e74ea0920"><li id="id-4a688f97-97d4-4685-d7e5-2f08b5f4a510">
                                        <p id="id-b004f4bf-044b-4b1a-b5cf-9daf5edf018a"
                                                >ConstantsTechDocSupport undertakes to maintain
                                                confidentiality to thirds regarding information of a
                                                confidential nature and/or information provided by
                                                client and/or data acquired due to its processing,
                                                except in case of an obligation by or by force of
                                                law.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>The stipulated in artiele 3.3 however applies in
                                                full.</p>
                                </li></ol></section><section id="id-0d293a91-5683-4746-f0d6-6c1d520336fc"><title id="id-dab97e29-81ae-4400-aeb2-7c67af0a0fa4">Article 5: Liability</title><ol id="id-139a74c3-444e-475a-df8c-d3d174d6b37a"><li id="id-12eac219-e441-4b15-89c5-53b2242ad926">
                                        <p id="id-a0e94c3c-2f8a-469e-98f2-32ce0c79a786"
                                                >ConstantsTechDocSupport is never liable for any
                                                direct and/or indirect loss, including resulting
                                                loss, loss of profits, lost savings, loss due to
                                                business interruption, loss due to personal injury,
                                                depreciation of goods, as direct or indirect result
                                                of the work activities performed by
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport or otherwise, unless they
                                                are the re sult of intent or gross negligence.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>ConstantsTechDocSupport is never liable for any direct
                                                and/or indirect loss caused by (a) third(s) it has
                                                involved.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>If lntersona is held liable, then this liability is
                                                limited to what has been the stipulated in this
                                                clause.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>ConstantsTechDocSupport is not liable for loss, of
                                                whatever nature, occurring because
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport has proceeded from incorrect
                                                and/or incomplete data provided by or on behalf of
                                                the client </p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>If lntersona would be liable for any loss, then
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport's liability is limited to a
                                                maximum amount ofthe invoice value ofthe order. </p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>In any case ConstantsTechDocSupport' s liability is
                                                always limited to the amount paid by its insurer as
                                                the occasion arises.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>The limits set to liability included in this artiele do
                                                not apply if the loss is the result of intent or
                                                gross negligence of ConstantsTechDocSupport or its
                                                rnanaging employees.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>The owners, directars and employees of
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport are never personally liable
                                                towards client for the loss which has arisen during
                                                the performance of the assigned work activities
                                                at/or on behalf of the client.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>Client is liable for all damage and loss caused by loss,
                                                theft, fire or damage to our goods, tools and
                                                materials of ConstantsTechDocSupport, as soon as
                                                they are at the work site, one and another as far as
                                                it is not the result ofintent or gross negligence of
                                                lntersona's employees. </p>
                                </li></ol></section><section id="id-fd569708-a89d-469c-d0a6-ee48a3f2369f"><title id="id-5fe9bdb1-e7e3-46c1-b32a-5722e632695c">Article 6: Indemnity</title><ol id="id-35b6493a-ea3c-4544-93b7-ee498187ea43"><li id="id-a19c3dcf-13c7-4339-ef9b-30ea1fe8099f">
                                        <p id="id-18448f6c-dfee-4aa9-8082-27bc32534550">The client
                                                indemnifies ConstantsTechDocSupport against any
                                                claims of thirds, who suffer loss due to the
                                                performance of the agreement and of which the cause
                                                is attributed to other parties than
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport. If ConstantsTechDocSupport
                                                is addressed by thirds under that heading, then the
                                                client is obliged to assist ConstantsTechDocSupport
                                                in- as well as outside of juridical proceedings and
                                                immediately perform all which may be required from
                                                him in such event. If the client remains at default
                                                regarding taking adequate measures, then
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport is entitled to proceed
                                                thereto without notice of default. All costs and
                                                loss suffered as a result at the si de of
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport and thirds, are fully at the
                                                expense and risk of the client.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>With regard to goods which ConstantsTechDocSupport has at
                                                its disposal in conneetion with the performance of
                                                an assignment, client is obliged to safeguard
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport fully against any claims of
                                                thirds, also if it concerns claims for compensation
                                                due to loss which can directly be linked to those
                                                goods. </p>
                                </li></ol></section><section id="id-71896c05-d9f7-471a-af36-daf16b21288c"><title id="id-a147702c-0d40-430e-a362-bd5e7dad55ab">Article 7: Prices</title><ol id="id-a1b5b783-9327-4c16-ee4d-126eefc26904"><li id="id-6c7d5b74-6c3a-4bc0-f355-94b918d1263f">
                                        <p id="id-d94b767e-d7a6-4be0-b96a-b5c88e01bb62">All prices
                                                of the offers, tenders and/or agreements made by
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport are exclusive of VAT,
                                                levies, rights, travel and accommodation costs,
                                                other assignment related costs, unless set out or
                                                agreed otherwise.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>Changes in rights, taxes and duties are passed on at all
                                                times despite of the agreed price.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>The costs of additional work activities and adjustments
                                                to the assignment are passed on to the client.</p>
                                </li></ol></section><section id="id-2ec40966-d9fe-4aca-e05d-5aaae8ef94e4"><title id="id-d1ff7483-e5e5-4a62-f000-d133958e1a0b">Article 8: Payment</title><ol id="id-2e1dd982-982b-4ac7-b3cc-2b54127eb99e"><li id="id-20d07d9c-b0af-4fb5-c49c-7aefc5b6dff1">
                                        <p id="id-9d22b9fb-9bf8-487e-e7a0-570687c4fcbf">Payment will
                                                take place without deduction, discount or settiement
                                                within 30 days after the invoice date, unless
                                                another payment term has been agreed.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>ConstantsTechDocSupport is entitled to charge an advance.
                                                This advance will be specified by
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport at the assignment
                                                confirmation. This advance will be settled with the
                                                final payment.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>In case of non-payment or if the payment term is
                                                exceeded, the client owes a contractual interest
                                                rate of 1% per month or per partial month over the
                                                amount due without requiring any demand or notice of
                                                default.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>All juridical and extra-juridical costs which
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport has to make for client with
                                                respect to non-performance of the payment obligation
                                                by client, are at the expense of the client. The
                                                extra-juridical costs minimally amount to 15% of the
                                                amount owed, with a minimum of 100 Euro and are
                                                immediately due and payable because of the bare fact
                                                that the client does not meet his payment
                                                obligation, such without prejudice to the right of
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport to claim the amount ofthe
                                                actualloss suffered ifthis exceeds the rate
                                                mentioned.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>In case of non-timely payment by client all other which
                                                is owed is also immediately due and payable while
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport is entitled in that case to
                                                suspend or deelare dissolved all further or not
                                                fully performed agreements, without prejudice to the
                                                right to claim compensation for the loss and the
                                                lost profit.</p>
                                </li></ol></section><section id="id-4baffcb2-9e05-4379-9a10-4141c912346c"><title id="id-d4afa8be-b6cc-4f46-a774-851d424555ed">Article 9:  Research, complaints and time limit </title><ol id="id-2c638999-9459-4cb7-ef9e-0f2ac9f635c9"><li id="id-49a23d35-38a5-4531-c31d-740f481f192f">
                                        <p id="id-7dcb6e13-fbd1-4d9a-85f5-8f33a4fef909">The client
                                                is obliged to examine the delivered, or to have it
                                                examined by another party, immediately at the moment
                                                that the advices are provided to him or the work
                                                activities concemed are performed respectively. In
                                                this respect the client has to examine whether the
                                                quality and/or quantity ofthe delivered is in
                                                accordance with what has been agreed and meets the
                                                requirements agreed by parties in that respect. Any
                                                complaints should be notified to us in writing
                                                within eight days after delivery of our advice,
                                                report or completion of our work activities. The
                                                notification should include a description of the
                                                default detailed as much as possible, so that
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport is able to react adequately.
                                                The client should give ConstantsTechDocSupport the
                                                opportunity to investigate a complaint or have it
                                                investigated by another party.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>If the client fails to submit a complaint within the term
                                                set out, then this does not suspend his payment
                                                obligation. In that case the client is also obliged
                                                to take receipt of and pay for the ordered items and
                                                that what he has ordered ConstantsTechDocSupport to
                                                perform. </p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>If notification of a default is given at a later time,
                                                then the client is not entitled to any
                                                rectification, replacement or compensation.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>If it is established that an item is defective and a
                                                complaint has been filed in time, then
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport will adjust its
                                                advice/report within a reasonable term. </p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>If it is established that a complaint is unfounded, then
                                                the costs which have arisen due to that complaint,
                                                including research costs, at the side of
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport fully are to the expense of
                                                the client. </p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>In deviation from the statutory time limits, the time
                                                limit of all claims and defences towards
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport and the thirds involved by
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport for the performance of the
                                                agreement, is three years.</p>
                                </li></ol></section><section id="id-b688e886-514c-46e0-fb51-4d77eeb5dc2c"><title id="id-a1488fd2-fd8d-47d8-b042-935e4ac65a07">Article 10: Force majeure</title><ol id="id-ec25a780-d633-4d03-dd39-c447655530ff"><li id="id-973f0e18-89b2-4a1c-b2ba-08a9a55db9fd">
                                        <p id="id-e35cd454-75fd-481f-df2d-49f288e31ef7"
                                                >ConstantsTechDocSupport is not obliged to perform
                                                any obligation if it is hindered as aresult of a
                                                circumstance which is not attributable to
                                                negligence, and is bome by him nor by force of law,
                                                a !ega! action or generally accepted standards.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>In these general terms and conditions force majeure means
                                                all that is included under that heading by the law
                                                and jurisprudence, all extemal causes, foreseen and
                                                unforeseen, which cannot be influenced by
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport, but due to which
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport is unable to fulfil the
                                                obligations.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>ConstantsTechDocSupport is also entitled to appeal to
                                                force majeure, if the circumstance preventing
                                                (further) performance, occurs after
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport should have fulfilled its
                                                obligations.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>During the period that the force majeure continues the
                                                parties can suspend the obligations of the
                                                agreement. If this period continues for more than
                                                two months then each of the parties is entitled to
                                                dissolve the agreement, without obligation to pay
                                                compensation to the other party.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>As far as ConstantsTechDocSupport has meanwhile performed
                                                or will be able to perform its obligations following
                                                from the agreement, and the part performed or to be
                                                performed is attributed a separate value, then
                                                ConstantsTechDocSupport is entitled to invoice
                                                separately the part already performed or to be
                                                performed respectively. Client is obliged to pay
                                                this invoice as if it were a separate agreement.</p>
                                </li></ol></section><section id="id-089adabe-0f66-4517-b8b5-6bcd38a0d2c4"><title id="id-293dfe26-e8b0-42ac-a554-9966bb264dad">Article 11:  Applicable right and forum
                                selection </title><ol id="id-aa478c54-6e9a-43ee-a5b3-9b3673c870d4"><li id="id-47c876b3-3f4c-4406-b2d5-9093c633219e">
                                        <p id="id-1b990151-ee80-4404-9602-acc45870ba56">Dutch law
                                                exclusively applies to the agreement for services
                                                between ConstantsTechDocSupport and the client, also
                                                if this agreement is fully or partially performed
                                                abroad.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>The Dutch court, the Court of Zuid-Nederland, location
                                                ’s-Hertogenbosch, is competent to give judgment on a
                                                possible dispute.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                        <p>Parties will first appeal to the court after they have
                                                made every effort to solve the dispute through
                                                mutual consultation. </p>
                                </li></ol></section></body></topic>